---
title: Pet Instructions
date: 2022-12-22
---

# Searle Pet Instructions

## Shortlist

- In the morning, give Moki a whole tablet
- In the evening, give Moki a half tablet
- In the evening, put Moki in the office bathroom, give him a can of wet food, give him his meds (pill and liquid), and close the door of the bathroom for the night.
- Once a day, sift each of the three litterboxes (one on the ground floor in the blue cabinet, two in the office bathroom)

## Oliver

- Oliver's got an automatic feeder and knows how to use the litter box, so he should be okay. 

## Moki

### Medicine:

- The pills are either in the cabinet above the feeders or next to the feeders. Moki needs one pill in the morning and one half pill in the evening. And he needs the liquid medication in the evening. 
- For the pills, I usually just put the medicine down on the counter or on a plate and squeeze some paste on top of it and he'll usually lick it up. Sometimes I have to do this a few times before he actually eats it. Oliver is usually pretty interested in this, I usually squeeze a little bit on another part of the counter for him too. Just try to keep him from eating Moki's medicine. If he is too annoying you can just put him in the bathroom (the door that's right there that is across from the counter). The treat paste tubes are in the upper cabinet to the right of the window in the kitchen, on the second shelf, on the left.
- We also give him his evening medicine when we put him away at night. We put the wet food in bowl and force him to take the pill and the liquid medication. You'll have to force him to take a pill. He won't eat it if you just put in the wet food unfortunately.
- For the liquid, he needs 0.2 ml (a quarter of the syringe I think). He might protest but you should just be able to squirt it into his mouth.

### Bedtime/evening routine:

- Moki has a habit of going to the bathroom outside of his litter box at night so we put him in the bathroom with the litter boxes at night. Try not to let Oliver in. I like to close the office door while I am doing this, so Ollie can't even get into that room. 
- Moki doesn't love being picked up so he might complain when you do this but he's fine, just grumpy haha
- There is a box of wet food on the floor. You can give him one whole can at night and sprinkle the calm kitty powder onto it. He loves this so he should just eat it up. We leave that food there for him at night.
- I then turn on the light in the closet and close the door, just to give him some light without turning on the bathroom light. The door to the closet doesn't latch so we just put the litter up to the door to keep the cats out. I turn off the lights in the bathroom and office. Please keep Oliver out of the office, but he can roam around the rest of the apartment at night.

### Other notes:

- If you can't find Moki he likes to hang out on the window sills of the office, our desks in the office, or on the stairs up to the 3rd floor.
- Moki likes to pee on things around the apartment, particularly plastic bags or piles of clothes on the floor. If he does pee on something there should be spray bottles under the sink in the kitchen and in the office.
- If you spot Moki on either cat tree, feel free to give him a treat from the white porcelain jar on the counter. We're trying to encourage him to use the cat trees and especially the scratching posts.

## Both Cats

- There are three litter boxes. There are two (it might be one if we put the other one away) in the office bathroom. There is a litter genie in there to put the waste into. There is also a litter box in the cabinet to the left of the TV on the ground floor. This one doesn't get used as such so it might not have anything in it, but there is litter genie next to it too to put waste into.
- Check on the water fountain and water bowl on the floor. They should both be fine but if not you can use the water filter in the fridge to pour more into the fountain. The bowl thing can be filled if you just pull up on the plastic part and unscrew the lid and fill it up at the sink.

## Other House Stuff 
- The wifi password is `penguin-army*308`
- You are welcome to use either of the TVs. You can use the apps, or if you want to use the HDMI cord plugged into the Switch dock. 
- We will leave a key in the outlet box outside the front door. Please just put it back before you leave on the last day. 
- There are six parking spaces in front and the middle two are ours. You can park in the empty one. 
- Each floor has its own thermostat, you are welcome to change them to whatever you want. 

## Henri

- Take him out 2-3 times per day, we usually take him out in the morning when we wake up. He will whine and scratch at the front or back door when he needs to go.

- Feed him twice per day, around 9 AM and 5 PM. 3/4 cup of food (one scoop). We put a little bit of water in it to help him drink more water.

- You can take Henri on a walk if you want to. I would also recommend using his harness, he usually pulls less with it. He doesn't like though and might run away from you when you try to put it on him. 

- If you leave Henri, you can just put him in his crate. We try to not leave him for more than like 8 hours at the most. And if you feel like it you can give him a treat when he goes into the crate, but you don't have to. We try not to do it every time so he doesn't expect it.

- Henri usually sleeps with us at night so he will probably want to do the same if you are okay with it. If not he can sleep in his crate but we don't know how he would respond to this.

- Henri's leash is on the hook by the back door. It might be behind the curtain.


Thank you for doing this!! Just call or text us if you have any questions!